Readme update (#193)
PDFTron/pdftron-react-native: README.md

## API

### RNPdftron

> - [initialize](#initialize)

Reviewer: hard to maintain, remove

Reviewer 2: I think this comment is referring to the entire section, not line 305 specifically.

Reviewer: yes, the entire link section

- [enableJavaScript](#enableJavaScript)
- [getVersion](#getVersion)
- [getPlatformVersion](#getPlatformVersion)
- [encryptDocument](#encryptDocument)

#### initialize
To initialize PDFTron SDK with your PDFTron license key.

Parameters:

Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
licenseKey | string | your PDFTron license key

```js
RNPdftron.initialize('your_license_key');
```

#### enableJavaScript

> To enable JavaScript for PDFTron SDK.

Reviewer: not a clue... i'd guess false?

> To enable JavaScript for PDFTron SDK.

Reviewer: oh, i thought you were asking about core, but in the viewer it's on by default for android

> To enable JavaScript for PDFTron SDK.

Reviewer: @Maxwell-Yang-PDFTron need to add enabled by default

```js
RNPdftron.getVersion().then((version) => {
  console.log("Current PDFNet version:", version);
})
```

#### getPlatformVersion
 To get the version of current platform (Android/iOS).

Promise Parameters:

Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
platformVersion | string | current platform version (Android/iOS)

Return a promise.

```js
RNPdftron.getPlatformVersion().then((platformVersion) => {
  console.log("App currently running on:", platformVersion);
})
```

#### encryptDocument
To encript a document. This function does not lock around the document so be sure to not use it while the document is opened in the viewer.

Parameters:

Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
file path | string | the local file path to the file
password | string | the password you would like to set
current password | string | the current password, use empty string if no password

Return a promise.

Example:

```js
RNPdftron.encryptDocument("/sdcard/Download/new.pdf", "1111", "").then(() => {
  console.log("done password");
});
```

### DocumentView

A React component for displaying documents of different types such as PDF, docx, pptx, xlsx and various image formats.

#### Props

> - [document](#document)

Reviewer: hard to maintain, remove

Reviewer: entire link section

  [Config.CustomToolbarKey.Items]: [Config.Tools.annotationCreateArrow, Config.Tools.annotationCreateCallout, Config.Buttons.undo]
};

...
<Documentview
  annotationToolbars={[Config.DefaultToolbars.Annotate, myToolbar]}
/>
```
##### hideDefaultAnnotationToolbars
array of strings, optional, default to none

Defines which default annotation toolbars should be hidden. Note that this prop should be used when [`annotationToolbars`](#annotationToolbars) is not defined. Strings should be [Config.DefaultToolbars](./src/Config/Config.js) constants

```js
<DocumentView
  hideDefaultAnnotationToolbars={[Config.DefaultToolbars.Annotate, Config.DefaultToolbars.Favorite]}
/>
```

##### hideAnnotationToolbarSwitcher
bool, optional, default to false

Defines whether to show the toolbar switcher in the top toolbar.

```js
<DocumentView
  hideAnnotationToolbarSwitcher={false}
/>
```

##### hideTopToolbars
bool, optional, default to false

Defines whether to hide both the top app nav bar and the annotation toolbar.

```js
<DocumentView
  hideTopToolbars={false}
/>
```

##### hideTopAppNavBar
bool, optional, default to false

> Defines whether to hide the top nav app bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines whether to hide the top navigation app bar.
```

```js
<DocumentView
  hideToolbarsOnTap={false}
/>
```

##### pageIndicatorEnabled
bool, optional, default to true

Defines whether to show the page indicator for the viewer.

```js
<DocumentView
  pageIndicatorEnabled={true}
/>
```

##### showSavedSignatures
bool, optional, default to true

Defines whether to show saved signatures for re-use when using the signing tool.

```js
<DocumentView
  showSavedSignatures={true}
/>
```

##### isBase64String
bool, optional, default to false

If true, [`document`](#document) prop will be treated as a base64 string. 

When viewing a document initialized with a base64 string (i.e. a memory buffer), a temporary file is created on Android, but not on iOS. (If you need access to a file-backed PDF on iOS, save the base64 string to disk, and open the file located at that path.)

```js
<DocumentView
  isBase64String={true}
  document={'...'} // base 64 string
/>
```

##### padStatusBar
bool, optional, default to false, android only

> Defines whether the viewer will add padding to take account of status bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines whether the viewer will add padding to take account of the system status bar.
```

```js
<DocumentView
  padStatusBar={true}
/>
```

##### autoSaveEnabled
bool, optional, default to true

Defines whether document is automatically saved by the viewer.

```js
<DocumentView
  autoSaveEnabled={true}
/>
```

##### hideAnnotationMenu
array of strings, optional, defaults to none

Defines annotation types that will not show in the annotation (long-press) menu. Strings should be [Config.Tools](./src/Config/Config.js) constants.

```js
<DocumentView
  hideAnnotationMenu={[Config.Tools.annotationCreateArrow, Config.Tools.annotationEraserTool]}
/>
```

##### annotationMenuItems
array of strings, optional, default contains all the items

Defines the menu items that can show when an annotation is selected. Strings should be [Config.AnnotationMenu](./src/Config/Config.js) constants.

```js
<DocumentView
  annotationMenuItems={[Config.AnnotationMenu.search, Config.AnnotationMenu.share]}
/>
```
##### overrideAnnotationMenuBehavior
array of strings, optional, default is none

> Defines the menu items that should skip default behavior. Strings should be [Config.AnnotationMenu](./src/Config/Config.js) constants. They will still be displayed in the annotation menu, and the function [`onAnnotationMenuPress`](#onAnnotationMenuPress) will be called.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Defines the menu items that will skip default behavior when pressed. Strings should be [Config.AnnotationMenu](./src/Config/Config.js) constants. They will still be displayed in the annotation menu, and the function [`onAnnotationMenuPress`](#onAnnotationMenuPress) will be called.
```

annotations | array | An array of `{id, rect}` objects, where `id` is the annotation identifier and `rect={x1, y1, x2, y2}` specifies the annotation's screen rect.

```js
<DocumentView
  onAnnotationMenuPress = {({annotationMenu, annotations}) => {
    console.log('Annotation menu item', annotationMenu, 'has been pressed');
    annotations.forEach(annotation => {
      console.log('The id of selected annotation is', annotation.id);
      console.log('The lower left corner of selected annotation is', annotation.x1, annotation.y1);
    });
  }}
/>
```

##### longPressMenuEnabled
bool, optional, default to true

Defines whether to show menu of options after long press on text or blank space in the viewer

```js
<DocumentView
  longPressMenuEnabled={true}
/>
```

##### longPressMenuItems
array of string, optional, default to containing all the items

Defines menu items that can show when long press on text or blank space. Strings should be [Config.LongPressMenu](./src/Config/Config.js) constants.

```js
<DocumentView
  longPressMenuItems={[Config.LongPressMenu.copy, Config.LongPressMenu.read]}
/>
```

##### overrideLongPressMenuBehavior
array of strings, optional, default to none

> Defines menu items on long press that should skip default behavior.

Reviewer 2: So, does this mean that the menu item is still displayed, but it gets a callback when pressed? Which callback? That should be mentioned here.

    }
  }}
/>
```

##### overrideBehavior
array of string, optional, default to none

Defines actions that should skip default behavior, such as external link click. Strings should be [Config.Actions](./src/Config/Config.js) constants.

```js
<DocumentView
  overrideBehavior={[Config.Actions.linkPress]}
/>
```

##### onBehaviorActivated
function, optional

This function is called if the activated behavior is passed in to [`overrideBehavior`](#overrideBehavior)

Parameters:

Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
action | string | One of [Config.Actions](./src/Config/Config.js) constants, representing which action has been activated
data | object | A JSON object that varies depending on the action

Data param table:

Action | Param
--- | ---
[`Config.Actions.linkPress`](./src/Config/Config.js) | key: `url`, value: the link pressed

```js
<DocumentView
  onBehaviorActivated = {({action, data}) => {
    console.log('Activated action is', action);
    if (action === Config.Actions.linkPress) {
      console.log('The external link pressed is', data.url);
    }
  }}
/>
```

##### pageChangeOnTap
bool, optional, default to true

> Defines whether page should change on tap when viewer is in horizontal viewing mode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Defines whether the viewer should change pages when the user taps the edge of a page, when the viewer is in a horizontal viewing mode.
```

```js
<DocumentView
  pageChangeOnTap={true}
/>
```

##### useStylusAsPen
bool, optional, default to true

> Defines whether stylus should act as a pen in pan mode. If false, it will act as a finger.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Defines whether a stylus should act as a pen when in pan mode. If false, it will act as a finger.
```

Reviewer 2: We just added better support for this in the latest iOS version. @Maxwell-Yang-PDFTron have you tested with it?

```js
<DocumentView
  useStylusAsPen={true}
/>
```

##### multiTabEnabled
bool, optional, default to false

> Defines whether viewer will show tabs for documents opened. Changing the [`document`](#document) prop value will cause a new tab to be opened with the associated file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Defines whether viewer will use tabs in order to have more than one document open simultaneously (like a web browser). Changing the [`document`](#document) prop value will cause a new tab to be opened with the associated file.
```

```js
<DocumentView
  multiTabEnabled={true}
/>
```

##### tabTitle

> string, optional, default to file name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
string, optional, default is the file name
```

Set the tab title if [`multiTabEnabled`](#multiTabEnabled) is true.

```js
<DocumentView
  multiTabEnabled={true} // requirement
  tabTitle={'tab1'}
/>
```

##### signSignatureFieldsWithStamps
bool, optional, default to false

> Defines wether signature field will be signed with image stamp.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Defines wether signature fields will be signed with image stamps.
```

This is useful if you are saving XFDF to remote source.

```js
<DocumentView
  signSignatureFieldsWithStamps={true}
/>
```

##### followSystemDarkMode
bool, optional, Android only, default to true

> Defines whether UI will appear in dark color when System is dark mode. Otherwise it will use viewer setting instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Defines whether the UI will appear in a dark color when the system is dark mode. If false, it will use viewer setting instead.
```

```js
<DocumentView
  signSignatureFieldsWithStamps={false}
/>
```

##### collabEnabled
bool, optional, default to false

> Defines whether to use the collaboration mode. If true then `currentUser` must be set as well for collaboration mode to work

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Defines whether to enable realtime collaboration. If true then `currentUser` must be set as well for collaboration mode to work
```

```js
<DocumentView
  collabEnabled={true}
  currentUser={'Pdftron'}
/>
```

##### currentUser
string, required if [`collabEnabled`](#collabEnabled) is set to true

> Defines the current user. Annotations created will has its title matching this string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Defines the current user. Created annotations will have their title (author) set to this string.
```

```js
<DocumentView
  collabEnabled={true}
  currentUser={'Pdftron'}
/>
```

##### currentUserName
string, optional

> Defines the current user name. Will set the user name only if [`collabEnabled`](#collabEnabled) is true and [`currentUser`](#currentUser) is defined.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Defines the current user name. Will set the user name only if [`collabEnabled`](#collabEnabled) is true and [`currentUser`](#currentUser) is defined. This should be used only if you want the user's display name to be different than the annotation's title/author (in the case that `currentUser` is an ID rather than a human-friendly name.)
```
@sgong-pdftron please confirm.

```js
<DocumentView
  collabEnabled={true}
  currentUser={'Pdftron'}
  currentUserName={'Hello_World'}
/>
```

##### onExportAnnotationCommand
function, optional

> This function is called if a change has been made to annotations in the current document. Unlike [`onAnnotationChanged`](#onAnnotationChanged), this function has xfdfCommand as its parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This function is called if a change has been made to annotations in the current document. Unlike [`onAnnotationChanged`](#onAnnotationChanged), this function has an XFDF command string as its parameter.
```

Parameters:

Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
action | string | the action that occurred (add, delete, modify)
xfdfCommand | string | an xfdf string containing info about the edit

```js
<DocumentView
  onExportAnnotationCommand = {({action, xfdfCommand}) => {
    console.log('Annotation edit action is', action);
    console.log('The exported xfdfCommand is', xfdfCommand);
  }}
/>
```

##### onAnnotationsSelected
function, optional

> This function is called if annotations are selected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This function is called when an annotation(s) is selected.
```

Parameters:

Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
annotations | array | array of annotation data in the format `{id: string, pageNumber: number, rect: {x1: number, y1: number, x2: number, y2: number}}`, representing the selected annotations

```js
<DocumentView
  onAnnotationsSelected = {({annotations}) => {
    annotations.forEach(annotation => {
      console.log('The id of selected annotation is', annotation.id);
      console.log('It is in page', annotation.pageNumber);
      console.log('Its lower left corner has coordinate', annotation.rect.x1, annotation.rect.y1);
    });
  }}
/>
```

##### onAnnotationChanged
function, optional

> This function is called if a change has been made to annotations in the current document. Unlike `onExportXfdfCommand`, this function has readable annotation objects as its parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This function is called if a change has been made to an annotation(s) in the current document. Unlike `onExportXfdfCommand`, this function has readable annotation objects as its parameter.
```

Parameters:

Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
action | string | the action that occurred (add, delete, modify)
annotations | array | array of annotation data in the format `{id: string, pageNumber: number}`, representing the annotations that have been changed

```js
<DocumentView
  onAnnotationChanged = {({action, annotations}) => {
    console.log('Annotation edit action is', action);
    annotations.forEach(annotation => {
      console.log('The id of changed annotation is', annotation.id);
      console.log('It is in page', annotation.pageNumber);
    });
  }}
/>
```

##### annotationPermissionCheckEnabled
bool, optional, default to false

> Defines whether annotation's flags will be taken into account when it is selected, for example, a locked annotation can not be resized or moved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Defines whether an annotation's permission flags will be respected when it is selected. For example, a locked annotation can not be resized or moved.
```

```js
<DocumentView
  annotationPermissionCheckEnabled={true}
/>
```

##### onFormFieldValueChanged
function, optional

This function is called if a change has been made to form field values.

Parameters:

Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
fields | array | array of field data in the format `{fieldName: string, fieldValue: string}`, representing the fields that have been changed

```js
<DocumentView
  onFormFieldValueChanged = {({fields}) => {
    console.log('Annotation edit action is', action);
    annotations.forEach(annotation => {
      console.log('The id of changed annotation is', annotation.id);
      console.log('It is in page', annotation.pageNumber);
    });
  }}
/>
```

##### onBookmarkChanged
function, optional

> This function is called if a change has been made to bookmarks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This function is called if a change has been made to user bookmarks.
```

Parameters:

Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
bookmarkJson | string | the list of current bookmarks in JSON format

```js
<DocumentView
  onBookmarkChanged = {({bookmarkJson}) => {
    console.log('Bookmarks have been changed. Current bookmark collection is', bookmarkJson);
  }}
/>
```

##### hideThumbnailFilterModes

> array of string, optional

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
array of strings, optional
```

Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
previousTool | string | the previous tool (one of the [Config.Tools](./src/Config/Config.js) constants or "unknown tool"), representing the tool before change
tool | string | the current tool (one of the [Config.Tools](./src/Config/Config.js) constants or "unknown tool"), representing the current tool

```js
<DocumentView
  onToolChanged = {({previousTool, tool}) => {
    console.log('Tool has been changed from', previousTool, 'to', tool);
  }}
/>
```

> Example:

Reviewer 2: Do we need a new heading above this?

```

> #### Methods

Reviewer 2: This will also be hard to maintain. Would be better to group the methods into sections.

Returns a Promise.

Promise Parameters:

Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
pageCount | int | the current page count of the document

```js
this._viewer.getPageCount().then((pageCount) => {
  console.log('pageCount', pageCount);
});
```

##### importAnnotations
To import XFDF annotation string to the current document.

Parameters:

Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
xfdf | string | annotation string in XFDF format for import

Returns a Promise.

```js
const xfdf = '<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>\n<xfdf xmlns="http://ns.adobe.com/xfdf/" xml:space="preserve">\n\t<annots>\n\t\t<circle style="solid" width="5" color="#E44234" opacity="1" creationdate="D:20190729202215Z" flags="print" date="D:20190729202215Z" page="0" rect="138.824,653.226,236.28,725.159" title="" /></annots>\n\t<pages>\n\t\t<defmtx matrix="1.333333,0.000000,0.000000,-1.333333,0.000000,1056.000000" />\n\t</pages>\n\t<pdf-info version="2" xmlns="http://www.pdftron.com/pdfinfo" />\n</xfdf>';
this._viewer.importAnnotations(xfdf);
```

##### exportAnnotations
To extract XFDF from the current document.

Parameters:

Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---

> options | object | key: annotList, type: array. If specified, annotations with the matching id and pageNumber will be exported; otherwise, export all annotations in the current document

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
options | object | key: annotList, type: array. If specified, annotations with the matching id and pageNumber will be exported; otherwise, all annotations in the current document will be exported.
```

Returns a Promise.

Promise Parameters:

Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
xfdf | string | annotation string in XFDF format

Without options:

```js
this._viewer.exportAnnotations().then((xfdf) => {
  console.log('XFDF for all annotations:', xfdf);
});
```

With options:

```js
// annotList is an array of annotation data in the format {id: string, pageNumber: int}
const annotations = [{id: 'annot1', pageNumber: 1}, {id: 'annot2', pageNumber: 3}];
this._viewer.exportAnnotations({annotList: annotations}).then((xfdf) => {
  console.log('XFDF for 2 specified annotations', xfdf);
});
```

##### flattenAnnotations

> To flatten the forms and (optionally) annotations in the current document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Flatten the forms and (optionally) annotations in the current document.
```

##### deleteAnnotations

> To delete the specified annotations in the current document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Delete the specified annotations in the current document.
```

Returns a Promise.

Promise Parameters:

Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
filePath | string | the location of the saved document

```js
this._viewer.saveDocument().then((filePath) => {
  console.log('saveDocument:', filePath);
});
```

##### setFlagForFields

> To set a field flag value on one or more form fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set a field flag value on one or more form fields.
```

Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
xfdfCommand | string | the XFDF command string
initialLoad | bool | whether this is for initial load. Will be false by default

Returns a Promise.

```js
const xfdfCommand = 'xfdfCommand <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><xfdf xmlns="http://ns.adobe.com/xfdf/" xml:space="preserve"><add><circle style="solid" width="5" color="#E44234" opacity="1" creationdate="D:20201218025606Z" flags="print" date="D:20201218025606Z" name="9d0f2d63-a0cc-4f06-b786-58178c4bd2b1" page="0" rect="56.4793,584.496,208.849,739.369" title="PDF" /></add><modify /><delete /><pdf-info import-version="3" version="2" xmlns="http://www.pdftron.com/pdfinfo" /></xfdf>';
this._viewer.importAnnotationCommand(xfdf);

```

##### handleBackButton

> To handle back button in search mode. Android only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Handle the back button in search mode. Android only.
```

});
```

##### getPageCropBox

> To get the crop box for specified page as a JSON object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get the crop box for specified page as a JSON object.
```

```

##### importBookmarkJson

> Imports user bookmarks to the document. The input needs to be a valid bookmark JSON format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Imports user bookmarks into the document. The input needs to be a valid bookmark JSON format.
```

##### closeAllTabs
Closes all tabs in multi-tab environment.

Return a Promise.

```js
// Do this only when DocumentView has multiTabEnabled = true
this._viewer.closeAllTabs();

> });

Reviewer: ?

Reviewer: extra
